setup.md: Add instructions on choosing text editor (#64)
ImperialCollegeLondon/intermediate_grad_school_git_course: setup.md

git version 2.40.0
```

## Configure Git to use your preferred text editor

> Many Git commands require you to provide input via a text editor (though you can often skip this step with additional command-line arguments). For example, running `git commit` by itself will open a text editor to allow you to enter a commit message. Depending on your OS and how you installed Git, the text editor Git will use can be any number of things, but is likely to be either [nano] or [vim], which are both terminal-based editors. It is best to configure your preferred editor explicitly as vim in particular is famously challenging for beginners.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many Git commands require you to provide input via a text editor (though you can often skip this step with additional command-line arguments). For example, running `git commit` by itself will open a text editor to allow you to enter a commit message. Depending on your OS and how you installed Git, the text editor Git will use can be any number of things, but is likely to be either [nano] or [vim], which are both terminal-based editors. It is best to configure your preferred editor explicitly (if you are using editor for the first time, it is advisable to use nano).
```

Reviewer: Slightly rephrased the last sentence - I recall this is something I realised during [Carpentries Instructor Training](https://carpentries.github.io/instructor-training/08-motivation.html#how-can-content-influence-motivation)

Author: Cool. Thanks!
